In a dream you sometimes know something for no apparent reason. It could be the name of a faceless person or the reason something has happened or a memory conjured up in such vivid detail that on waking you might be convinced that it really happened. This would be the best way to describe how Grace felt as she staggered through this familiar place. In the same way you may be disorientated in a dream, a lack of context and history to explain your circumstances, Grace felt blinded, literally and metaphorically. The mist, like hail, stabbed lightly but relentlessly into her eyes, but she was unable to close them, so she put her arm in front of her face and turned her head downwards, but it still seemed that somehow the mist, which filled her vision with dark blue droplets, could pour into her eyes, seeping into her body and changing its colour from the inside. In spite of this, and like in a dream, Grace knew where she was. She had been here before though she couldn’t pinpoint exactly when. It had been so cold here then, and perhaps it was colder now, or was that just her memory failing her?
	She took a step forward, struggling against the force of the mist, then breathed a sigh of resignation, turning to her side and trying to take a step there, but the mist was just as strong there as it was from any other direction. It was not like wind, blowing in just one direction. Instead it was as though she were a center of gravity, sucking everything in towards her and moving, and just being, felt as though she were trying to push back against her own force. Large magnets of the same polarity repel when brought together but with enough strength they can be joined.
	It was very very cold but this was not unusual for Grace. For many years – maybe even since the last time she had been in this place – she had been this cold, and it was very possible that at last her mind had exploded, causing an icy shockwave to blast around her and causing this environment in the first place. As she walked, wherever she was walking, shards of ice grew from her fingertips like claws and snow collected on her eyelashes. She wondered if she were to pull at her hair if it would snap off. She didn’t take the chance. In spite of this chill, Grace’s teeth did not chatter.
	“Oh, it’s you,” someone said from immediately in front of her. She jumped backwards, the mist pushing her back forwards, and lifted her hand from her eyes. There was a man in front of her and if she stared directly at him the atmosphere did not hurt her eyes. He was young, wearing a zebra-patterned shirt and a dark green cap with some sort of Egyptian pattern on a plate at the front, and seemed to be Asian, or Japanese or Korean – she could never tell. Like everything else here, he was familiar to her. She had seen him more than once. The first time had been a very long time ago and the last time had been very recently, but she didn’t think she had seen him in the time in-between. She didn’t remember his name and so was at a loss for what to say. Thankfully, he spoke again for her. “Grace, isn’t it? Where are we, Grace?” he asked. Clear water dropped from his irises, landing and audibly splashing somewhere distant. He didn’t seem phased by this. Did he even notice it?
	“I don’t know,” Grace said, putting her hands behind her back. His eyes seemed to shake slightly in their sockets and his right hand twitched. His hair, normally standing high, seemed to seep down as though being battered with rainwater.
	“But you’ve been there before,” he said, eyes narrowing suspiciously. “Haven’t you?”
	Grace took a step back, swallowing, suddenly feeling nervous around him. “I don’t know,” she repeated, her lip twitching and her eyes focused on his shuddering hand. “I don’t know,” she said.
	“No,” He said directly, easily walking towards her. “I can see it in your eyes. You’ve been here before. You need to tell me now,”
	Shaking, fearful, Grace nodded and stepped back towards him. “Okay,” she said and, closing her eyes, she took his hand in hers and she let him in so that they could dream together.


TO BE CONTINUED IN: RUNNING WATER