Joe had always been aware of the guilt in his soul. It felt like a black, oily substance wrapped around his innards, coating each rib and smothering his heart. It had been there for a long time – three years and seventy days exactly, a number he hadn’t wanted or tried to count, but one that he incremented each sunrise anyway. For a while he had been able to live with it. In what was perhaps a symbiotic way he had grown to accept it and even treasure it. He deserved it. The pain was his punishment for his cruelty. If it ever started to slip away – if that oil began to loosen – he grabbed hold of it again, every time.
	Tom attacking Kevin had been like a lit match falling into his chest, lighting every organ on fire, an inferno raging in the pit of his stomach that nobody could see.
	“We oughta go up, you think?” Victoria suggested as Kevin and Zak disappeared into their room. “I ain’t checked up at the top yet,” 
	Joe smiled at her. “Sounds like a plan!” he agreed, and the two walked up the cold, metal steps.
	“Wonder what that was about with Tom an’ Kevin!” Victoria chatted as they ascended to floor one, to floor two. “There’s some juice there I’m telling you,”
	“I dunno,” Joe responded, doing his best shrug. Sometimes he just wanted to blurt out exactly what had happened, share every last detail like he never had done before. He opened his mouth, fantasizing about saying it, and moved his tongue in the motion of how he would start his story. It’s not just them. It’s me. It’s my fault.
	“Ah well, hopefully when we all get outta here we can go for a drink and they can patch things up, whaddya say? This is where I come out of. Sophie were in there too but she didn’t come out wi’ me,” she said as they passed level four. “Oof, these steps are doing my legs in,”
	“That would be nice,” Joe nodded. “How’ve you been anyway Victoria?” he asked, hoping to divert the subject from the matter that squeezed his heart.
	“I been… alright,” she said, taking deep breaths as they climbed the steps. “How many floors are there in this place?!” she moaned.
	“On the other side there were ten,” Joe said.
	“Ten! Oh gawd, we… might need to stop an’ take a rest,” Victoria grumbled.
	“That’s fine with me,”
	“I’m only jokin’ with ya… we… can get to the top,” she said, passing floor six.
	“I’m okay to—“ Joe said, but was interrupted by Victoria’s ecstatic scream.
	“Sophie!” she yelled, and started running up the steps.
	“Sophie?” Joe asked, dumbfounded.
	Victoria stopped and looked down at Joe with wide eyes. “That was her, that was Sophie! She’s up top, come on!” and with that she was running again. Joe followed her.
	“I didn’t hear her! That was her?” He asked.
	“Mmm!” Victoria said, passing floor seven. He followed her up to the next floor, unable to speak from the exercise, but she stopped there.
	There was a metal gate at the foot of the steps going up on the eighth floor. Victoria was holding an enormous, rusting dull brown padlock in her hands. It was attached to a chain that wrapped around the gate and the railings of the steps. She could push the gate open slightly – enough that she could fit her whole arm through if she wanted – but no more than that.
	Joe gestured to the gate that led on to the eighth floor behind them. It was open. “She must’ve gone in there,” he pointed out.
	Victoria looked at the gate and put her hands on her hips, shaking her head. “What’s she doin’ running about like this? Ay, Sophie!” she called out. There was no response. “She were just here! I heard her!” she complained.
	“That’s the only way she could’ve gone,” Joe shrugged and walked through the open gate.
	The floor was a dull plastic blue as it had been where everybody had awoken. To Joe’s left was a closed gate, and beside it a compartment stuck out from the wall that had the letter V on it. To his right there was a corner, but around that corner there too was a closed gate, and there was a compartment with the letter J. Victoria came to his side.
	“Whoever put us here knew we’d be together then,” she acknowledged. Joe nodded. “Sophie! Are ya in here?” she called out. Both listened for an answer but there was only silence.
	“What do you think we should do?” Joe asked.
	“Ain’t it obvious? We gotta go through these gates. Maybe one of us’ll find Soph. Then we can look for a way out,” Victoria said.
	“Sounds good,” Joe said and moved to the right.
	Victoria shakily moved to her gate and looked at the compartment. “I ‘ope there aren’t snakes in this one,” she sighed and hesitantly put her hand in.
	Joe slowly inserted his arm into his compartment, but nothing happened. He leaned back around the corner to look at Victoria, who had withdrawn her hand. “I think we need to do it at the same time!” he told her. She looked at him with reluctance in her eyes. “What’s wrong?” he asked.
	“It’s a bit scary ain’t it?” she said, looking down at the compartment.
	“It is a bit!” Joe agreed.
	“Okay, I’m just gonna have to do it… Here we go,” she groaned and, closing her eyes, shoved her whole arm in. As she did so, so too did Joe.
	The gates in front of them slid open with a buzz and both ran through them; as soon as they were through, the gates slid close and a click suggested that they were locked once more.
	Joe saw that he was in a long corridor with windows boarded up that was similar to the one outside the cell he had woken up in, but that was all he managed to take in before Victoria shouted out.
	“Ay, Joe! She’s right here!” she called out. “I found her!”
	“You did?” Joe asked, looking back through the gate he had come through but had no luck – he could not see far enough around the corner to even see the gate Victoria had gone through. “Sophie?” he called out – but there was no answer. 
	After a pause Victoria called back. “She’s finding it funny to not say anything. Yer a loser you are. C’mon Soph, let’s find a way outta here. We’ll see ya in a bit Joe,”
	Joe leaned back, putting his hand on his chin. Sophie had been missing for weeks before they had been taken and now she was acting strangely. There was something definitely unusual about the situation. Nevertheless, he stepped away from the gate. The best he could do to resolve the situation was to be proactive and find a way out for everybody.
	He walked down the corridor, looking into the cells as he did so. All had their gates open but there was nothing of too much interest inside, though they were different to the cell Joe had awoken in. They were very thin rooms. Two single beds had been squeezed together in each one, leaving only a slither of space between them, and there was very little walking space at the ends of the beds as well. This must have been where the prisoners were shoved when there was too little space, or else it was a form of torture for the claustrophobic inmates. The thought of being stuck in there with one, or more, other people for days on end was enough to make Joe shiver.
	There was a door at the very end of the walkway, though there was a strange glare of light emanating from the cell next to it. Joe strode over to this cell, expecting that this was to be the next focal point, and as he turned to look inside his beliefs were confirmed.
	There were no beds in that last cell. The floor itself was bare. Instead, there was a huge picture, unframed, secured against the brick wall, and around it were thin beams emanating blinding, white-yellow light so powerfully that they were creating a quiet, uniform, static-light buzz. Around the light, attracted to it – or was it the picture they were attracted to? – were hundreds of butterflies, varying in colour and size, all facing the light, all twitching their wings and antennae and slender little arms in synchronization, as though they were choreographed.
	The picture itself was one that Joe was very familiar with. It was an illustration, ages-old, like that found on the stained glass windows of an ancient church. It was of a man who looked extremely similar – almost identical – to Joe, except with slightly darker, longer hair and the hints of stubble, staring straight back at Joe, lips slightly parted. There was text beneath the picture, slightly less lit.

HE WILL SPEAK AGAIN

	Joe fell to his knees and threw his face into his hands. He felt something soft on his shoulder and raised his head slightly to see that a tiny butterfly with spotted-white brown wings had landed on his shoulder and was looking directly at him, its antennae drifting in the air curiously.
	“Hey, little guy,” Joe moaned and as he spoke he felt a wave of nausea rising in the pit of his stomach. Desperately, and without thinking, Joe jumped up, brushing the butterfly off his shoulder as he did so, and ran out of the cell. He glanced back just once to see if the butterfly was following him, but if it was then he couldn’t see it, and then more pressing concerns took over. He dashed through the door that had been at the end of the corridor to find – as he had expected – that it was a bathroom. As vomit surged up his throat he pushed open a cubicle door only to find that there was no toilet there – the cubicle was empty. With the sick stuck in his mouth, burning at his lips, Joe had no choice but to turn and throw up in the sink. There was more than one burst of vomit; his stomach erupted with everything in there and more spewing out of him.
	When the onslaught was over he looked up at himself in the dirty, smudged mirror above the sink. His lips were stained with something nasty, and he was red from having both thrown up and from the sweat. He breathed heavily, rubbing his brow. He heard a quiet bang from somewhere in the room then, and perked up, heart starting to race once more. There was a louder bang after that, and it was coming from the wall beside the sink. He stood back as the bangs continued, and then dust started to burst from the wall with every bang. Then there was an almighty bang, and a small piece of chip jumped away from the wall.
	“Who is that?” Joe called out.
	There was another bang, and a large crack immediately appeared in the wall, and then another bang, and the crack began to burst open, a huge chunk of plaster landing at Joe’s feet.
	“Who is that?” Joe repeated.
	There was one more bang and the bottom of the wall came off completely, creating a hole to whatever was the neighbouring wall. Joe crouched down, keeping his distance from the wall, to see the dark grey trousered legs of the person on the other side. They knelt down too, and Joe was somewhat surprised to see the auburn hair and cheeky grin of the person.
	“Not looking too good there are ya, Joe?” Sophie observed.
