“Are you sure it was her?” Tom asked, looking as stiff as a waxwork. “Are you sure it was her?”
	“Mmm,” Kate said. “I think so,”
	“No,” Tom said and repeated, “Are you sure?”
	“I think I did see her carrying me, yeah,”
	“You think you saw her?”
	Tom’s interrogation made Kate clam up, feeling as though she was being tied up in a straightjacket, and sweat formed on her forehead and arms, needlessly concerned that he was going to see through a lie that wasn’t actually there. She considered going back on her word and saying that she was just joking or that she wasn’t sure, but she was, and she knew that if she didn’t say anything then things could only get worse later on down the line. “I’m sure it was her,” she said firmly, focused on the movements of her tongue so that she wouldn’t stammer or say the wrong thing.
	Tom exhaled agitatedly and rubbed his fingers through his hair, and then looked down at his chest as though he were intrigued by something there – Kate feared for a second that the spider had returned – and shook his head conclusively. “No,” he said then. “It can’t have been. There must be some other explanation. Victoria wouldn’t do something like this. She wouldn’t know how to!”
	“Okay,” Kate concurred, wanting to believe him herself. 
	“Look,” Tom said directly. “Enough has happened already. It’s been so long since we were all friends. And now I’m ready for us all to be friends again,” he looked as though he were about to cry. “Please. Can we just let that happen?” he said.
	Kate wasn’t sure if he wanted to hear a response so she blurted out, “Okay,”
	“Right,” Tom said, clasping his hands together. “Let’s…” he paused. “Go through here,” he finally finished and appeared to almost flee through the door behind him.
	A gust of air, not warm but not chilling either, stroked Kate’s cheek as he opened the door and she watched in disbelief as he revealed an abundance of natural, grey light.  She couldn’t see much past him aside from the wonderful sight of the welcoming sky and the hard ground, multicoloured in greys and magentas and browns with specks of sand-like stones. Tom threw his hands up into the air and let out an elated whoop of a laugh. Kate couldn’t help but join in with him - it was as though the laugh was contagious – and she glided over to his side.
	“We’re freeeeeeeeeee!” Tom roared in a singsong voice and jumped out of the building – their cage – and majestically waved his wing-like arms around. “We’re free!” he said again, and though Kate didn’t join him in flight she continued to laugh, and then she actually looked around to see where they were.
	It looked like they were in some kind of garden area, or perhaps a courtyard. In spite of Tom’s bird impression, unless he actually had wings then there was no chance of him escaping the area over the unforgiving concrete wall that had to be fifteen feet or higher (or was that twenty, or fifty? Kate wasn’t up to scratch on her distances). There was an archway on the far side of the garden and in that there was a solid, wooden door that looked like it had been plucked from a medieval castle. Tom seemed to see it at the same time too and ran to it, his arms dropping consistently with his hope. “Come on, come on!” he growled as he neared the gate, but it was as Kate expected. He pulled and pushed and pulled at the gate but it was staying firmly in place. “No!” Tom cried. “Come on!” he yelled, and pulled against the gate violently, then kicked it and punched it until Kate went to his side and told him to stop, cringing at the bloody grazes he was growing on his knuckles. “Oh, come on,” Tom bawled. “This has to be the way out,”
	Kate looked at him sullenly, disappointed herself. “I guess not,” she said, and he looked at her with an anger in his eyes for a moment that wasn’t sustained but did terrify her. To escape from his look, she explored the courtyard with her eyes some more and noticed that in the corner, almost hidden in the shadow formed by the wall, was a low, brown shed-like building. It couldn’t have too much in it; Kate expected that it was big enough maybe only to fit a single person lying down in it. “Maybe there’s something in there we can use?” she suggested and Tom looked over, still disillusioned.
	“Maybe,” he said and meandered over to the shed. Though two of its walls were against the courtyard walls, one side other than the door was exposed. There was a dusty window that Tom peered through, cupping his hands around his forehead as though using them as binoculars to get a better look. “Come here,” he said, and Kate went to his side and did the same. If someone were on the inside, Kate thought, they would have seen the funny image of both she and Tom putting their faces right up to the window. It reminded her of the sort of thing a kid would do.
	There were not tools inside the shed and nor were there discarded things, left there in case they were needed for a rainy day as Kate’s sister would have done. There was, however, a sort of hospital bed – metal spindly frame, wheels – that took up the entirety of the space in the shed, on top of which was… something… that was covered by an all-encompassing white sheet. Whatever that sheet was draped over was long enough to form a bulge across the length of the bed, and looked spookily enough like it could be a person.
	Kate could tell that Tom had the same idea. He smacked a fist against the window but it didn’t budge, not made of glass but of some plastic material. “Tom!” she gasped. “You’ll hurt yourself!” she warned, reminded of the way her sister had disciplined her like that in her youth.
	Tom looked at her like he was crazy. “There’s someone in there. We’ve got to help them!” he retorted.
	Kate moved her arms to her chest uneasily. “But… if it is someone in there… why are they under that sheet? I don’t know about this…” she whined.
	“Wait here,” Tom said, and Kate could tell that he was getting impatient with her, as it seemed most people did. He rushed off, heading back into the building, and was back soon afterwards with a hammer. As he ran her way, Kate felt a sense of dread, unusually scared of him, and as he approached she winced, bracing herself for impact. He stopped next to her, surprised by her reaction. “I’m not gonna hurt you,” he assured her, obviously not being sure why he needed to say this. “I’m gonna get into this shed,” he said, and Kate nodded wordlessly, nevertheless keeping her distance from him in the most subtle way she could.
	He faced the window and put one hand in front of his face as a form of protection, then leant back with his hand holding the hammer as though he were about to throw a javelin. “Stay back,” he said assuredly and Kate covered her eyes. Nevertheless, she looked through her fingers as Tom landed his shot against the window.
	It worked immediately, and the pane of plastic fell away from its frame. Tom grinned at her, the first happy sign she’d seen on him since he’d been disappointed in the garden, and dropped the hammer to his feet and he reached into the window at the sheet.
	“Wait!” Kate moaned, suddenly finding herself next to him at the window, the sheet in the corner of her eye. “What if it’s something… you know…”
	“We can’t let that stop us. You don’t have to look if you don’t want to,” Tom said, and Kate nodded, turning away from the shed and burying her head in her hands. She heard the whish of Tom whipping off the sheet, and then a silence that seemed to endure forever.
	“What? What is it?” Kate asked, raising her head from her hands. There was still silence and Kate could not last any longer. She swung around and looked into the shed herself, and immediately understood why Tom was so shell-shocked.
	She moved closer, leaning into the shed, mimicking Tom’s position. “But… Victoria said…” she started, breathless. 
	The same thought went through both their heads and Tom confirmed it. “Yeah. Victoria.”
	Inside the shed, on top of the bed, wearing just a white hospital gown, and auburn hair resting loosely behind her head, was Sophie.
