He was standing there, eyes closed, and Kate could hear his deep breathing even as she came through the door. She closed it quietly behind her, trying to decide on what the best way to approach him would be, but could feel his eyes on her as the door clicked shut. She raised her eyes at him, sure that he wouldn’t be aggressive towards her but anxious about the possibility anyway, and smiled. “I suppose we should go through, then?” she said.
	Tom nodded wordlessly and slowly pushed his arm into the compartment. Kate concealed a big breath and did the same to the compartment on the other side of the door. There was a buzz and the door silently swung open. As soon as it was fully open, though, the door automatically began to budge back into the closed position, and so Kate looked at Tom. He nodded again, and moved through the door, and Kate followed him. The door behind them buzzed, locked again.
	They were in the kitchen. The mosaic white and blue tiles on the floor gleamed brightly with the white glow of the white beam lights secured on the low ceiling. It wasn’t a large room: a couple of ovens, washing machines and tumble dryers bordered the square room, in the middle of which was an island with a dark grey worktop, stained with brown rings and maroon splashes from previous use. There was barely enough room to walk between the island and the appliances, but even so there were white storage cupboards at the bottom of the island. There probably wasn’t even enough room for the doors to fully open. On the other side of the room was an archway that led to some other room concealed in yellow light.
	Tom strolled forward as though he were going to the archway, then abruptly stopped and kicked a cupboard, making Kate jump. He yelled out loud and Kate took a step back, bumping into the door behind her, and then Tom kicked the cupboard again and battered his fists once, twice, thrice against the worktop, letting out another yell. Kate chewed against the inside of her cheek. He put his head in his hands.
	After taking a moment to compose herself, Kate traipsed to his side and, wanting to give him some sort of physical comfort but not feeling sure enough to do so, crossed her arms in front of her stomach. “Are… are you okay?” she asked, cursing herself right away for the stammer.
	He squinted at her through tears and sniffed. “Who even are you? You’re not one of us. What are you doing here? Who are you?”
	Kate smiled instinctively, unsure of how to answer, and said, “I’m Kate,”
	Tom pushed himself back and turned to face her. “Yeah, but who are you? None of us know you,”
	“Sophie knows me,” Kate said.
	“She’s never said anything about you,” Tom’s squint narrowed.
	“Oh,” Kate said, wanting to work out a way to provide evidence that she wasn’t a complete stranger, but her mind went completely blank.
	There was a second more of what seemed to Kate like suspicion before Tom fell back to the counter and looked away. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I know you’re just here like the rest of us. You don’t know what’s going on… what’s happening… either,” he sighed, and then looked at Kate with a gloomy smile. “And you probably think I’m a psycho,”
	“No!” Kate protested and Tom’s smile grew wider.
	“I’m not a psycho. I promise. I’ve just been through a lot,” He said, his voice cracking slightly. Kate wondered fearfully whether he was about to cry again.
	“That’s okay,” she said and, breaking through the awkward feeling, patted him twice on the arm before resuming her original position.
	“I—I’m sorry,” he croaked.
	“You don’t need to apologize,” Kate said, and before she could think about it, offered, “Would you like to talk about it?”
	Tom’s smiled returned and his eyes closed. “No. That’s okay. You don’t know him anyway. You wouldn’t get it,”
	“Who?” She asked.
	“Joe,” he answered.
	“Wasn’t he the tall guy?” Kate asked. She’d had a suspicion that something had happened between Kevin and Tom, not between Joe and Tom, so doubted whether she was correct with the names.
	“Yeah, he… he’s the good-looking one,” Tom grinned.
	“Oh,” Kate said. “Oh,” she repeated as it dawned on her that there was some sort of the romance between the two guys.
	“I guess it was pretty obvious anyway,” Tom said.
	“I didn’t get it,” Kate shrugged, thinking that was what he wanted to hear.
	“Really?” Tom raised his eyebrows. “Then maybe he really didn’t have so much to worry about after all,”
	“Wait. You were together?” Kate asked, curiosity getting the better of her.
	“Um. Kind of,” Tom said, looking into her eyes. Kate could see some cog processing in his head. Tick. Tick. He was thinking of something. After a pause he continued. “It was… complicated,”
	“How long ago was it?” Kate asked. It was odd. She knew these people in a way. She’d seen photos, had heard stories. Really, though, they’d just been characters to her. They hadn’t been real. They had just been parts in a tale, a combination of words and pictures. Now here was one of those characters, standing right in front of her, but he was more than that now. He was there.
	“Something like… three years,” Tom answered, and then he wasn’t looking at her, but down at the worktop. Memories were flashing in front of his eyes. “It was about three years ago,” he repeated.
	“So what happened? If… you don’t mind me asking,” Kate asked.
	“We… we met about seven years ago. All of us, the same time, at this games event. There was me, Joe… and there were the others. Kevin, Zak, Sophie, Victoria, all of them too. It was all at the same place. And I don’t know what happened. I had never thought I was… that I liked guys before then. I don’t. I’m not, you know, gay,” he said, and somehow he felt the need to look at Kate as he said that.
	“Okay,” Kate said. He looked down at his hands again.
	“But there was something there. There was just something about him. I couldn’t see what it was. I still can’t. It’s still there, even now, though. I never forgot it,” he smiled. “It’s not like I wanted him sexually. But I really liked him. I really liked him, more than I’d ever liked anyone before. So after that first event, when we would’ve normally just split apart and maybe never see each other again, I made sure to keep in contact. Not only with Joe, with everyone. We met up a few times and got closer – all of us. Only, I don’t think I was really doing it for friendship with them. Not that I didn’t treasure that! But I did it because I really wanted to see Joe again. And my feelings didn’t go away, even though we only all saw each other maybe four or five times in those first few years, because I was the only one organizing things. They only got stronger, even though I didn’t really want them too. They got stronger,”
	“I suppose it does happen that way sometimes,” Kate smiled at him.
	“Yeah. Yeah, it does,” Tom nodded, not looking at her. “Then one time we… we sort of won this competition. And we went to Disneyland Paris, a few of us. It was me and Joe, and Zak and Sophie. We all had our own rooms – they had two double beds in them each, two! – but on the last night, on the very last night we were there, Joe asked if I wanted to go back to his room with him. He said he wanted to watch The Emperor’s New Groove, but he didn’t ask anyone else. It was all I’d ever wanted. I felt like my dreams were coming true. It felt like he was kissing me underneath the fireworks in front of the Disney castle. And that was even before I went to his room,”
	“That’s really cute,” Kate said, genuinely feeling a little soppy about the love story that was unfolding before her.
	“Yeah,” Tom smiled and continued. “Well, I went to his room and he put the movie on on the TV and we both got on the bed, over the covers, and to be honest I wasn’t watching the movie at all. I was so scared. I was thinking, what’s gonna happen, and, if I don’t do anything now then nothing’s gonna happen at all but I was scared, I was so scared, and nothing had happened an hour into the movie and it wasn’t even a long movie so there wasn’t much time, and it looked to me like he was just watching the movie, and I didn’t think, I just did it, and I got under the covers,”
	“Under the covers?” Kate asked.
	“Yeah, I know it doesn’t sound like much. But it felt like a big deal. It was a big deal to me. And, anyway, I don’t know how long it took him but it wasn’t long, but after that Joe copied me. He got under the covers too,”
	Kate’s heart started beating. She had entirely forgotten the situation they were in and wanted to know the next part of the story. “What happened?” she asked, being completely unsubtle about how interested she was in in the tale.
	“I don’t really know how it happened, but we must have both subconsciously shimmied towards each other under the covers. Or maybe it was just me going towards him. I don’t know. But after maybe something like ten minutes I felt him. Just a little bit. I could feel his foot against mine, and his hip against mine too. And I kind of knew then that I was about to go past the point of no return. It was really scary, because by that point I was risking my friends if things didn’t go well. If he didn’t actually like me. But I couldn’t stop myself. I moved closer and then the sides of our bodies were completely touching. Well we stayed like that until the movie ended, and then it did end and then the credits rolled and then the screen went blank and we just stayed there. We didn’t say anything or anything. Then he turned on his side and he looked at me, and I turned on my side and I looked at him and we just stared into each other’s eyes. It should have been awkward. We just stayed staring at each other, our heads resting on the pillows, and it should have been awkward but it wasn’t. It was so comfortable. It was so peaceful. And then he closed his eyes and moved his head forward a bit and stayed there, and so did I. And I edged towards him, kind of, just a bit, and I could feel his breath, I was that close, and then our noses touched and my lips brushed against his, and… we just stayed like that. We didn’t move forwards at all. But I could feel him, our bodies were pressed together, and I felt so comfortable. I really wanted to put my arm around him and cuddle him but I didn’t. So we just stayed there, our lips almost touching, they were so close, and that was it. I fell asleep. I guess he did too. And then in the morning… well, things went from there,”
	“Oh my god!” Kate said. Tom smiled.
	“You like that story? I can continue if you like. I’ve… wow, I’ve never told this whole story to anyone before. Not like this,” he said. Kate nodded furiously.
	“Okay then. Well, for a long time after that I guess we were together. We were basically together, but we never said it, we never said boyfriends. We didn’t have to say it, I don’t think. But I wanted to. It took me a while, but I wanted everybody to know. I was proud of him, you know? And I wasn’t scared of being labeled for that. I didn’t care if that meant I was gay. I was happy, because that meant we could be really together, we could be a couple. I had all these fantasies, of us moving in together and being really in love and getting married and having children and, you know, screw the details. But I don’t think he felt the same way. He didn’t want to tell anyone. He didn’t want anyone to know. He didn’t even give me a good reason. I wanted to hold his hand in public, I wanted to meet his family, I wanted us to be together, but he just said he couldn’t. And I was okay with that for a while. I thought maybe he just needed his space. But time got on and he was staying the same and it got me down. I thought he didn’t, he couldn’t care about me in the same way that I cared about him, and I got sad. So I went behind his back and I told someone. I told Kevin,”
	“Oh,” Kate said, the pieces starting to come together.
	“And Kevin listened – you know he’s gay, don’t you? – and he was mad, he was so mad. He said all this Joe can’t do that to you! And he said that’s not fair! Because he’d had boyfriends that were in the closet before and he said that it never ended well like that. But he said he’d kind of known about me and Joe already, and that we made a cute couple. And he wanted us to be together too. So I was really happy then, it was the next step in me and Joe being together, really together, and I told Joe that Kevin knew and that everyone had known, and he reacted completely different to how I’d expected him to. He got really scared and went really cold on me and went away. He told me he needed some time to think. And he asked me not to talk to him for a few days. Well, I got sad, and I thought he hated me, but I knew he needed his time. So I gave him it,”
	“Okay then?” Kate said, almost just to acknowledge that she was still listening and eager to hear more.
	“Except, even though I gave him his time, Kevin didn’t. Kevin got in contact with him and basically tried to force his hand. Without even asking me! Kevin told him it was unfair to act like that to me and I think Kevin thought that Joe cared enough about me for that to change his attitude, and that we would be out. It didn’t work out like that. Joe agreed with Kevin but he texted me – he texted me, he didn’t even meet up with me – that he thought he were better off apart. I tried to talk him out of it, I begged him, but because of Kevin he’d made up his mind and he wasn’t changing it. And, well, that was the last time I’d spoken to Joe since… today,”
	“Oh wow,” Kate said.
	“As soon as I found out what’d happened, what Kevin had done, I went straight to Kevin’s and I hit him in the face and then I… Look, I’m not proud of this, but then I picked up a frying pan and hit him again. Kevin had to go to A&E from what I’ve heard. After that I didn’t speak to Kevin again, and I only really spoke to Zak from the group after that too. I lost everyone… like I was scared I would,”
	“I’m really sorry,” Kate said sadly, feeling comfortable about rubbing his upper back now. “That’s really sad,”
	“So that’s that. I don’t know. Maybe I am a psycho. But seeing Joe again after all this time… I still care about him. I still really care about him,” he said, and a tear dropped down his cheek.
	“Tom…” Kate breathed, not sure how to comfort him, so she simply pulled him close and cuddled him. “It will be okay. Maybe you can talk when we’re all out of here. Maybe you can all be friends again,”
	“I’d… really like that,” Tom whispered. 
	Then Kate felt something move on top of her hand and opened her eyes, looking down at her hand in confusion. She screamed.
