Kate jumped back from Tom and shook her hand vigorously. He jumped back himself even though he couldn’t have a clue why. Kate shook her hand again, then wiped her arm from the elbow down with her other hand. “Where is it? Can you see it?” she asked, terrified.
	“What?” Tom asked, following her gaze to the floor.
	“There!” she screamed and backed away until she was against the door. “Look!”
	Tom looked down and then he saw it. It was huge. It had a fat, round body that seemed to literally be hairy and its legs were thick and stretched out just as far as the body was long, and its eyes glittered with malevolent bloodlust. “Oh my God!” he yelped, jumping back himself. It scuttled after him and Kate was sure she could hear it clamping down its jaws in anticipation.
	“Get it!” she shouted, feet backing up against the door more. Then it was gone. She had blinked and it had disappeared. “Where is it?” she cried.
	“I don’t know!” Tom yelled back, jumping back again.
	“It might be on you!” Kate screamed.
	“Oh my God!” Tom cried, violently slapping at his clothes and then spun around. “Can you see it?” he asked.
	“I don’t know!” Kate said. She wasn’t sure what the black thing she was sure she could see on his trousers was.
	“Have a look!” Tom shouted, running over to her.
	“Get away from me!” Kate screamed, avoiding him by running to the other side of the island.
	“Oh God!” Tom yelled and whipped off his shirt, then dropped his trousers to his knees. Kate diverted her gaze from him, but she already saw that he was wearing black Y-fronts and what she saw there would be something she would try in vain to sear from her memory until the rest of her life. “It was so big!” Tom shouted. “I’ve never seen one that big!”
	“You haven’t?” Kate asked, having momentarily forgotten about the spider.
	“Well okay, maybe,” Tom admitted, shaking his shirt and trousers at arms length. Nothing dropped off. “I think I’m okay. I’m okay,” he said, pulling his clothes back on.
	Kate looked around the room fearfully, eyes wide. “Then it’s still in here,” she murmured.
	Tom looked at her and both of them had the same thought at the same time. “Let’s get out of here,” they both said and, with a new sense of what could have been camaraderie the two dashed away from the kitchen through the archway. 
“That was kind of embarrassing,” Tom said, looking down at his shuffling feet. “I’m really scared of spiders,”
	“Oh, don’t worry!” Kate smiled at him. “Don’t worry. Did you see my face! Oh dear. Then again, my sister was the worst with spiders,” she said, smiling at the thought.
	“They’re terrifying,” Tom swallowed.
	“Then again,” Kate said, eyes down on the floor. “She used to always be the one to get them for me. She was the braver one of us,”
	Tom seemed to catch her low tone. “She was?” he asked.
	“I haven’t seen her in a long time,” Kate sighed. “I was ill – really ill – a few years ago. She was the only one I had to look after me. Well, apart from this guy I met there. But she was the only family member I had. Then one day, when it was looking really bad for me… she just disappeared,”
	“Disappeared?” Tom asked. “Did she ever come back?” he asked.
	“No,” Kate said, looking away from him. “I’ve never heard from her since. Even when I got better after that I never heard from her. I thought I’d scared her away because I was so sick, but…” she gulped, then smiled at Tom. “Wow. Look at us. We’re both sharing our life stories here,” she huffed, embarrassed of the fact.
	“I’m glad I met you, Kate. Maybe when we’re all out of here and we can be friends again then you can join us. It can be the six of us and we’ll all be friends,” Tom smiled.
	“Yeah!” Kate smiled delightedly.
	“Where are we now anyway?” Tom wondered out loud, looking around at their surroundings. They were in a narrow corridor filled with yellow light beaming down from an unusually blinding light bulb swinging from the ceiling. At the other end of the corridor there was a single, wooden door, and next to them there was a single room. There was a heavy iron door leading to it, but it was wide open. Tom tried to move it to show how heavy it was – it wouldn’t budge an inch. “But maybe I just need to go to the gym some more,” he joked.
	“Maybe,” Kate smiled. They both walked into the room – it was pitch black. Even the light from the hallway didn’t do much to light up the room; a square of light made it through next to the door, but faded out strangely quickly, as though the room itself was determined to be dark. “What do you think this place is?” Kate asked, looking around the room curiously but feeling too uneasy to venture away from the middle of the room.
	“I dunno. A pantry, maybe? Or maybe it just used to be a pantry. It could be anything really,” Tom frowned, and then left the room, leaving Kate alone. She shuddered and didn’t waste any time following him out. “Let’s see what’s through here,” Tom said, going towards the other door.
	“I have to tell you something,” Kate said impulsively. Tom didn’t even face her.
	“What’s up?” he asked, fiddling with the door. “I think we can get through here. It’s a bit stiff, but…” he said.
	Kate stood still, putting her hands together in front of her and looking down. She couldn’t tell what had caused the dip in her mood but suddenly she felt incredibly low. It felt like she was never going to escape this place, would never again have a happy experience, that she never was going to become friends with all of Sophie’s friends as Tom had suggested. It felt as though she was never going to see her sister again. Sensing this, Tom looked at her. “Oh, what’s wrong?” he asked, crestfallen. “What happened?” he asked, and came back towards her. Now he was the one comforting her, hand resting on the back of her arm, more fluid and more graceful than she ever was or could be.
	“I don’t know how to tell you this. I thought it was just my mind. I don’t know…” she gulped, looking down at her red shoes.
	“What? What happened?” Tom asked maternally. “You don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to,” he smiled.
	“I… when we were all taken, we were injected with something, weren’t we? Do you remember that?” Kate asked, glancing into his eyes for as little time as she could while she queried him. He looked confused.
	“No… I don’t remember anything,” he said.
	“Well, I do,” she said, and his eyebrows rose just slightly. “And—“ she began.
	“Do you remember anything?” he asked quickly, and she found herself somewhat irritated by his impatience.
	“Yeah,” she said. “They came from behind, and they got me, and I fell asleep for a while but I kept drifting in and out of sleep. I was in a truck or something. Then she lifted me out and put me in the cell. I was drifting in and out of sleep, I thought it was a dream, but I recognized her even then and I wasn’t sure, but now I think I know, I’m sure I do,” she said, the words flying off her tongue without her even really realizing what she was saying.
	“You saw who brought us here?” Tom asked, and grabbed her by the shoulders. She whimpered, scared at what was almost aggression, and he pulled away from her. “Sorry, sorry…” he said. “Who was it? Who did you see?” he continued.
	“I’m really sorry… I don’t know, maybe it wasn’t her…” Kate said, completely unable to look him in the eye now.
	“Who?” Tom asked.
	“It was Victoria. I saw Victoria,” Kate finally said, and in the silence that followed she at last took the chance to look him in the eye. His face was a mixture of shock, fear and disbelief.
