Kevin had seen a lot in his twenty-seven years of life, some of which many people would have considered being impossible. He had, for example, seen a woman, dressed in a very skimpy, silver, glittering costume that was barely a piece of material over her pubic triangle and nipples, lifting herself up using her teeth – while having her legs curled up over her head, making her look like that demon girl from The Exorcist; a sexy demon girl, nonetheless. Others had gasped in awe. Kevin had put that down to a lot of training and a resilient dentist.
	He had been witness to a “magician” on stage correctly guessing the phone number of an audience member and the name of another’s neighbor just by looking at their eyes as he asked them questions. Kevin’s partner at the time, Luke, an older guy in an impressively well-paying managerial position at Nickelodeon had given the magician a standing applause and had gone on about the magic to every person they came into contact with for the next few days. It probably would have been longer than that if Kevin hadn’t taken him aside after a particularly enthusiastic retelling of the story at a dinner with his parents and told him that it was probably all hidden cameras or duplicate pieces of paper.
	And it had only been a few months since he had gone on a “ghost tour” in Krakow whilst on holiday there with a surprisingly superstitious colleague. As they, along with a group of other mainly English and American tourists, journeyed around the city center to all the haunted locations, Kevin had whispered to his colleague that the scariest thing there was the tour guide’s acting. The tour guide had heard him – Kevin had ensured he’d made the critique loud enough – and, though she looked as though she were about to burst into tears that pulled at his heartstrings, Kevin had remained unable to take any of the tour seriously. Nevertheless he had pretended, for her sake, that he did, giving a well-rehearsed jump at the very end of the tour when a man in a mask jumped out at them from an alley.
	Kevin had, clearly, led a life where everything had a rational explanation. With some guy randomly appearing in the mirror and Zak suddenly vanishing, leaving Kevin on his own, the rational explanation was what he was searching for, and he was quite sure that he had figured it all out.
	He first pried around the bottom corners of the mirror, fingers feeling for some sort of switch or latch, a button maybe, but he could find nothing. He ran his hands along the lower edge of the mirror, face sculpted in focused determination, and yet all was as normal. He traced along the left and right edges of the mirror as far up as he was able to, not able to reach the top edge but feeling confident that the switch wouldn’t be there as Zak was taller than him by barely an inch, so if he couldn’t reach it then there was no way Zak would be able to as well. Still finding nothing except the rubbery texture of the glue sticking the mirror to the wall, Kevin put his hands on his hips and stared at his reflection in concentration.
	Not giving up, Kevin started to rub every part of the mirror, searching now for a hidden button that would reveal an entrance, and he had covered almost all of the mirror – wondering then what he would use to stand on so that he could get to the higher parts in spite of the fact that Zak wouldn’t have been able to reach them either – when, as had happened before with the guy in the blue bubble coat, the image in the mirror began to distort. Whereas before blue goo had appeared in the mirror, now very light – almost transparent – blue clouds or snowflakes wafted into view, lowering a haze of azure mist into the mirror. Though he didn’t need to, Kevin looked around behind him at the room to see that there was no fog there.
	“Is there anybody there?” Kevin asked to the reflection, waiting for the blue-coated guy to appear. As though in response to his question – and perhaps it was – the mist thickened and turned a deeper shade of blue, covering everything behind it, until the image in the mirror had been completely enveloped in a cloud of sapphire. Kevin looked behind him again, checking now to see if there was some sort of projector hidden in the wall behind him. All there was were a stack of shelves, each with a set of white towels perched in them. Though it was certainly something to investigate when the image in the mirror would expire, Kevin wasn’t optimistic that the image – the illusion, the video, the image, whatever it was – was coming from there.
	It took longer for a person to appear in the mirror – Kevin was looking into it with growing impatience for some time – but they did appear. Kevin could hear their footsteps on the ground on the other side of the mirror. She – he could tell from the sound of her steps that it was a petite-framed woman – walked softly but whatever ground she was walking on was hard and smooth, and so her footsteps were quite audible. Her black silhouette approached the mirror and then she came into full view. She was a brunette slightly taller than Kevin, hair knotted back into a ponytail held together by a pink hairband, and the black-rimmed, round glasses she wore were far too big for her small face but perhaps just the right size for her large, mousy brown eyes. Because of this, Kevin doubted that she was a fashionista, but he could still admit that her outfit was cute. She wore a deep pink blazer over a low-cut, short white lace dress and on her right wrist there dangled a gold-coloured, thick bangle. She also looked very similar to the girl who’d been in the bar who said she’d known Sophie: Kate.
	Naturally, this was Kevin’s first thought, and without really thinking about it, he blurted out, “Kate?”
	The girl stopped and frowned, confusedly looking at Kevin. “You know Kate?” she asked. Her voice was a lot clearer than the other guy’s had been. It was as though the mirror was a window and she were on the other side of it: though her voice sounded distant it did not sound distorted. “Is she okay?” the girl asked.
	“Who are you?” Kevin asked. “Do you know Kate?” he asked, realizing as he said it that he’d asked her the exact same question she had asked him.
	The girl put her hand against the mirror and impulsively, Kevin placed his against hers. As soon as their hands met, separated only by the thin barrier of the mirror, the girl withdrew hers violently and shook it, clutching it with her other hand, and looked at Kevin first in disgust and then in sorrow. Kevin found that he felt almost insulted. It felt like a personal rejection, and he immediately felt a dislike for the girl.
	“It’s you,” she said with some level of disbelief. “This… this isn’t fair,” she continued.
	“What?” Kevin asked, not impressed with this cryptic behaviour. “Look, who are you?” he asked, not interested in beating around the bush.
	“I’m… I’m a bad person. I’m really sorry. I’m so sorry,” she said, blinking away tears. “Look, um,” she said, her voice growing hoarse, biting her lip. “Can you, um… can you tell Kate I’ll be there for her soon?” she asked, now unable to maintain eye contact with Kevin.
	“What?” Kevin asked. “Who even are you?”
	“I’m Grace,” the girl said. “I’m her big sister,”
	Then, suddenly, there was a scream from behind the door, somewhere in the staircase Kevin and Zak had come from. Kevin whirled around, immediately recognizing the voice as Tom’s – he’d heard that rage before, once, when it had been directed at him. It was a scream of pure hate.
	Kevin turned back to the mirror to tell Grace that their conversation would have to wait another time, but she was already gone and the mirror already cleaned. Again, it was as though that encounter had never happened.
	Resigning himself to the fact that the mystery of the mirror would have to wait, Kevin dashed to the exit of the room, determined now to find a way out so that he could save whoever was next in line – even if it was himself – from Tom’s completely erratic wrath.
