 “Hey! Woman! Get up!”
Victoria awoke to the touch of a Scot pulling against her arm. She groaned, groggily rubbing her forehead with her wrist. It stung immediately and she jerked her arm back, looking at it to see that the cuts on her wrist were still raw.
“Your arms are fucked, man,” the Scot observed. Victoria looked over at whoever was talking and her eyes widened. 
“Sophie!” Victoria gasped. “You’re alright!” Sophie smiled widely at her, maybe too wide. 
“Good observation, Sherlock. You snore like a truck.”

Sophie was a friend Victoria had met at a games event some years earlier. At the same time Victoria had met various other people and they had largely stayed in touch for a time. Sophie, on account of being Scottish just like Victoria, was the only one Victoria had really kept in contact with, and even then they hadn’t seen each other much. Nevertheless, Victoria had seen through social media that Sophie had been missing for over two weeks. Nobody had known where she’d disappeared to, nobody had seen her – except, now, Victoria. “Where were you?” Victoria asked. “You been here all this time?” 
Sophie stood and took a step back from Victoria, who sat up and turned to face her. She placed her hands on her hips. “Yep,” she answered. “Looks like he got you too.”
Victoria looked down at her wrists, grimacing at how sore they looked and felt. “What’s going on?” she asked. 
“Dunno,” Sophie answered. “I’ve been in here all this time. Food’s there on the floor when I wake up. It’s shit,”
Victoria only then looked around at her surroundings. They were in a small room with large, cream-coloured slabs of walls, passively lit by a decades-old lamp on a small chest of drawers beside the bed. Victoria was on the bottom bunk of a rusting metal bunk bed. She could almost feel the grating below her thin, dirty sheet-less mattress. At the middle of the far wall was a full-length door of thick, dark metal bars. There was a great panel of steel welded to it from the other side, keeping Victoria from seeing through to the other side. It was as though the room were a cage.
“Are we in prison?” Victoria asked, climbing up and feeling the bars. They were ice cold, almost to the point that they stung Victoria’s hands. She placed her cut wrists against them, relishing in the somehow soothing pain. Sophie came up beside her and shook the bars.
“Looks like it,”
Victoria took a step back and turned to look at Sophie, who turned to look back at Victoria. Victoria stared at Sophie for a moment, who, squirming with discomfort, widened her eyes in anticipation. She had just opened her mouth to ask what was wrong when Victoria practically jumped on Sophie, arms wide, and pulled her in close to an embrace. Sophie froze, eyes widening even further, and stuck her arms close to her sides.
“Awh, I’ve missed you I have!” Victoria gushed, rubbing her face into Sophie’s red hair. “I ain’t seen you in so long!”
“Yeah…” Sophie groaned, raising her hands with the tiniest of efforts, robotically patting Victoria’s back. “It’s been a while I guess,”
Victoria pulled back, grinning widely into Sophie’s stone-like face. “Where you been all this time? We all used to see each other all the time, now look at us! I ain’t seen any of ya in donkey’s years!”
Sophie stepped back, drifting out of the cuddle. “Eh,” she replied. “People go away,”
Victoria pushed forward, giving Sophie a hearty pat on the back before pulling away again. “Ay, well we’re both here now an’ we got each other an’ that’s all that matters. It’s good to see you, it is,”
Sophie walked to the bed to hide her rolling eyes from Victoria. “Yeah, it’s good to see you too. I called top bunk by the way,”
Victoria shook her head and wiggled her forefinger in the ‘no’ sign. “You won’t need that bed no more because we’re getting out of here!”
Sophie climbed the ladder a few steps. “We’re not. Believe me, I’ve looked,” she answered drily as she fell down on to the mattress, staring up at the ceiling.
Victoria swung around and fiddled with the charcoal-coloured, jewel-like doorknob. Beneath it was a keyhole. “Where there’s a keyhole, there’s a key!” she exclaimed.
“There’s no key, I’ve looked already,” Sophie groaned – and Victoria’s stomach groaned in unison.
“Oh, look at that,” Victoria frowned as she rubbed her tummy. “Belly’s getting hungry!”
Sophie threw a bag of crisps from the top bunk. “Here, have this,” she offered. “They come every day with the food. Maybe from tomorrow you’ll get your own portion, I dunno,”
Victoria went to catch the crisps but they slipped through her fingers and landed on the floor. Even before she picked them up she grimaced, knowing immediately the flavour by the blue packaging. “Oh, gross!” she moaned. “They’re cheese and onion!”
Sophie shrugged. “You can give them back then, if you like,”
“Eh,” Victoria muttered, pulling open the crisp packet. Within moments she had gobbled down every last crisp.
“So much for not liking them,” Sophie commented. Victoria burped in response.
Victoria threw the empty crisp packet to the side and checked out the cabinet beside the bed. “Alright, let’s have a look for a way out then…” she mumbled – at which point Sophie once more rolled her eyes.
“Look all you like… you won’t find anything,” she sighed.
There was nothing to be found on the cabinet, so Victoria dropped to her knees and looked under the bed. Her eyes lit up with excitement.
“Aye, what’s this!” she boomed, reaching under the bed. Sophie frowned with confusion and sat up, peering down to look.
“There’s nothing there,” Sophie said.
“Nothing there, eh, she says, well what’s this then!” Victoria laughed as she pulled out a black backpack from beneath the bed. “This don’t look like nothing to me, this looks like a wee bag is what it is!”
Sophie immediately swung her legs off the side of the bed and jumped down the ladder. “What! That wasn’t there before!” she protested.
Victoria unzipped the bag. “Nothing there, heh heh,” she mumbled to herself as she did so. She rested the bag on the beside cabinet and looked through the contents of the bag.
There were a number of bottles of clear water – unbranded – and Victoria immediately took a swig from one. Underneath those was a thick, felt black towel. As Victoria removed it from the bag it seemed to go on forever, like infinite cloth in a clown’s magic trick. “Looks like we’re going to the beach!” Victoria chuckled – completely confused.
“I told you there wasn’t anything,” Sophie dismissed her, though she still peered into the bag for further clues.
“And what’s this!” Victoria shouted. At the very bottom of the bag, almost hidden in the darkness of its depths, was a long, thin, old key. Victoria pulled it from the bag and held it up as though it were the Holy Grail. Sophie looked up at it, unable to believe her eyes – and somewhat annoyed.

	Victoria looked at Sophie and smiled in an almost childlike fashion. “We’re getting outta this place, Soph!” she boasted, and immediately the key was in the lock and the door was open.
They came out into a long, white, bricked hallway with scuffed turquoise flooring. To Victoria’s left were more rooms, identical in style to the one she had just emerged from; to her right, too, were the same type of rooms.
“It’s a prison. We are, we’re in a prison,” Victoria breathed.

The hallway would have been filled with natural light if there hadn’t been more large grey blocks of metal fastened in front of what Victoria assumed were tall windows. Instead, the room was depressingly lit by faded golden light bulbs that hung on long cables across the tall ceiling. There was no telling whether it was day or night; the girls were trapped in cold midnight regardless of the time outside.
At the end of the corridor to the girls’ right hung a green fire escape sign: the image that of a man of white running through an open door. Sophie nodded her head in its direction. “Guess the exit’s that way,” she murmured, and Victoria nodded in agreement.
“I don’t like this place,” she uttered. “Let’s go,”
They walked in that direction, and Victoria looked into the cells as they went past – all were open, dark and empty. At the end of the corridor there was a black, leather armchair with what looked like scratched made from a cat down both sides. Above the armchair was a frame and Sophie pointed up at it. “It says your name,” she said.
Victoria followed her gaze. Indeed, on the light wooden frame was engraved, in ornate writing her name. Inside the frame, behind a pane of glass and glued against a plain white background was a large butterfly with long, blue wings. The light shone through the wings, making them appear almost transparent aside from a firm black outline. Victoria could not tell if it were a model or dead.
“That’s my name,” Victoria observed.
“It is,” Sophie nodded, raising her eyebrows.
“Why’s it got my name on there?”
“Who knows.”
“I don’t like that,” Victoria frowned, looking up at the butterfly and trying to work out what it meant, if anything.
“Let’s go already!” Sophie scowled exasperatedly. “You only just got here. I been waiting weeks to get out of this dang place!”
“Yeah, c’mon,” Victoria agreed, and followed Sophie out of the corridor.
The light darkened out as they approached a single door at the end of the following corridor – making the place look as it would have even when it was blessed with natural light – and Sophie pushed against the door. Naturally, it wouldn’t open.
“You got another key in that there bag of yours?” Sophie asked, unable to help herself from smirking a little.
Victoria frowned. “It was just that one…” she sighed. “Anyway, look,” she pointed. “There ain’t any lock on that door,”
“So then how’re we getting out now? I knew it was too good to be true!” Sophie complained.
Victoria pointed at a compartment that jutted out next to the door. There was a large, uninteresting block, underneath which was a gap before another, smaller panel, also jutted out from the wall. There was a black hole in the hall at the gap behind the blocks. “What’s that?” she asked.
Sophie twisted over and studied the compartments. “Well, look at that!” she laughed, nodding down at the top of the compartment. Victoria joined her and saw that engraved there was a large ‘V’. 
“You know what that means don’t you?” Sophie raised her eyebrows. 
Victoria furrowed her brow in confusion. Sophie’s glee seeped out immediately. She nodded effortlessly at the hole. “It means you gotta put your hand in there and do something,”
Victoria literally jumped back with surprise. “What!” she gasped. “ME? Why me?” she argued.
“It’s V for Victoria. Don’t you get it?” Sophie shook her head at Victoria. “C’mon woman, we don’t have all day,”
“That’s bullshit is what that is! You put your hand in there!” Victoria said defensively.
Sophie reared her head back in a grimace. “I’m not putting my hand in there!”
Victoria completely ignored her. “What if there’re snakes in there?!”
Sophie couldn’t believe what she was hearing. “Snakes? What’re you on? There aren’t snakes in there!”
“There might be!”
Sophie let out a deep breath and, without another word, shoved her hand into the hole. “Mmm, feels good,” she spat at Victoria. “No snakes though,”
“No snakes?”
Sophie pulled her arm out and inspected it – there was nothing of any note there. “Your turn,”
Victoria groaned. “You just did it. Why should I?”
“Because I said so! Come on!” Sophie shouted and, moved more by surprised than anything, Victoria gently pushed her arm into the slot.
As she did so, there was a click.
Victoria yelped in horror and pulled her arm back. Just below her wrist there was a single drop of blood. “It was a needle! It took my blood!” she cried.
“So…?” Sophie asked.
“I hate needles!” Victoria squealed, tears rolling down her cheeks.
Sophie could see now why the old friendship group had split apart. “Jeez, c’mon,” she ushered. “You’re not dead or anything. It’s only a needle, for Christ’s sake,”
In response Victoria moaned and sucked at the blood. 
“You’re worse than a dude with man flu,” Sophie taunted, and at that point there was another click.
Sophie pushed against the door and – though heavy – it opened.
“Well, look at that!” Sophie smiled. “We’re home free, girl!”
Victoria looked up at Sophie with puppy dog eyes.
“Ladies first,” Sophie nodded to Victoria. “Seeing as you got us out of here,”
Victoria, sniffing, nodded back and pushed the door open.

She came out to a stairway of metal stairs. There were stairs going up, stairs going down, and the room was tall and somewhat chimney-like with its hard brown bricks for walls. Victoria stepped forward, spirits dropping as she came to the conclusion that they weren’t quite free. The door behind her closed quietly.
Victoria swung around. “Sophie?” she called – for Sophie hadn’t joined her. “Sophie?” she repeated, dashing back to the door. There was no doorknob or handle – the door couldn’t be opened from this side.
“Sophie, can you hear me?” Victoria called through the door, but there was no answer. Once more, she was alone.
She was not alone for long. A voice from behind her, quiet and sudden, said, “Victoria?”
