The ropes around her wrists were tied tightly. No matter how much she tried to worm her hands out of their bounds, she ended with only more grazing on her wrists, and the rope did not loosen, not even slightly. The skin there was starting to peel away from her attempts, and light specks of blood were stamped on to the rope. It was painful, but Victoria knew that what was coming next could only be worse.
She was curled up in the corner of some bare room, knees up in front of her tied at the ankles and her wrists behind her back. The only light she had kept moving around. It was something like a torch, emanating its dying light, and it would roll to one side of the room, shining into Victoria’s eyes, staying there for a while before the room – the room – turned and so too would the torch roll to the other side of the room, plunging Victoria into the darkness. And then it would roll back, and this seemed to go on for hours.
The room was moving. After the initial terror had subsided and Victoria had been better able to take in her senses, that much had become obvious. There was the loud sound of rumbling, probably an engine, coming from behind the wall Victoria was leaning on. She was in a kind of vehicle – most likely a lorry – and she was going somewhere.
She did not know why somebody would take her. She had been at a games launch party with her boyfriend. It had been an enjoyable event – a glass of Prosecco to welcome them to the venue; a sit-down dinner with games developers; a chance to play the game – and the last thing she could remember was leaving the venue with her boyfriend. They hadn’t even made it back to their car, waiting at the very back of the dark car park, when there had been a sharp pain to the side of her neck, and then…
Victoria could not help but wonder why she was alone. What had happened to her boyfriend? She hadn’t been a helpless girl all on her own when somebody – whoever it was – had taken her. She knew that whatever bad situation she was in, so too was her boyfriend.
The vehicle took a sharp turn, sending the torch flying into the side of the carriage. With a crack, the light went out, and Victoria could no longer see anything. She wasn’t sure if that was good or not.
Just a little while after that, the vehicle slowed and came to a halt. Victoria heard a door slam shut from what must have been the driver’s compartment and gnawed on her lip, trying even more desperately now to free her hands. Still she was unsuccessful; still more blood seeped from her wrists; until the wall at the other end of the carriage burst open from the middle.

	Bright white light shone into the lorry and Victoria closed her eyes in pain, in surprise, in fear. She gradually opened them again, allowing miniscule amounts of light into her vision, and a person stepped up into the carriage. She could not see who it was – the light shone so brightly behind them that he was nothing but a black silhouette.

Then he spoke. “We’re here,” he said.