An incorrect reflection would have scared many people. A reflection is a fact of life: it is the mirror image of yourself, and if that doesn’t seem to be the case then it is clear that there is something very wrong indeed. Zak did find it interesting that a reflection, of whatever sort, was the only real way to see yourself. You have to rely on that reflection to tell you the truth about yourself. If the reflection shows you something you don’t know, or want to know, or expect to know, about yourself then it can bring your whole world crashing down. After all, a person’s world is entirely based on their self. Isn’t it?
	Zak had to admit that for the people he was with, an unexpected reflection should have been a source of solace for them.
	Indeed, an incorrect reflection would have scared many people but not Zak, because he had known for a long time that a reflection is not a fact of life as people perceive it. And so, as Kevin’s heart began to beat faster (Zak could hear it), Zak’s remained just the same, and yet a feeling of dread began to sink within him because it confirmed his fears that this was no ordinary kidnapping. This was a kidnapping with a purpose, a kidnapping by somebody who knew not only Zak and his needs but also his situation very well.
	“Fuck…” the voice from the mirror had said very quietly. Kevin and Zak had turned to see the usual scene in the mirror: dark blue goo spreading over everything in the reflection, a blue tint over everything (whereas Zak normally saw everything in a grey tint, like a lot of people), and behind that blue shade the outline of a fairly tall man in a big jacket or coat, wearing some sort of cap.
	Kevin approached the mirror while Zak kept his distance, knowing the danger of making himself visible to the other person. He crossed his arms, looking deep into the mirror, and looking back at the room to check that the blue goo was restricted to the reflection. “Hello?” he said at last.
	The outline of the other person faded away then, and the blue in the mirror drifted away like dispersing mist. “Hello?” Kevin asked again, placing his hand against the mirror, but the connection was broken and whoever had been on the other side was gone. With no response, Kevin looked at Zak, real fear in his eyes for the first time. “This is seriously fucked up,” Kevin said.
	Zak feigned ignorance and fear, chewing on his finger. “Maybe it was a video or something? That can’t be a real mirror,” he said, repeating something he’d heard another person say before.
	Kevin placed his hand flat against the mirror – there was a gap between his hand and his reflection’s hand. “It’s not a two-way mirror,” Kevin said. “I read that the reflection’s hand would be placed right against mine with a two-way mirror,”
	“I think we just need to focus on getting out of here,” Zak said. He had no time to waste on Kevin’s rationalization. People always took so long to rationalize.
	“Yeah,” Kevin breathed, spinning away from the mirror. Zak could tell he was keeping his eyes off of it. Denial was sometimes the easiest way to explain the so-called impossible.
	“Go check out over there,” Zak said, pointing to the other side of the room, where the desk was. “There might be something that can tell us where we are,” he suggested, and Kevin nodded. Zak smiled to himself – Kevin was unusually susceptible to being ordered about. Normally it was very much the other way around.
 	With Kevin busy, Zak turned around again to face the noticeboard and pulled his backpack from his bag. Inside the backpack were the towel, bottles of water, the usual – but, at the very bottom, where Zak had hidden them, were the set of pre-filled syringes. Inside them, aside from in four, was all clear fluid. Normally Zak did not need to be injected so often; two a day tended to suffice. There was something in the air acting as a catalyst to his needs, though, and so he was getting through the syringes terrifyingly quickly. There were a lot in there left – fifteen or more – but if they didn’t escape soon, there would be a problem.
	He was already feeling sick, the familiar sensation of his heart burning up beginning again inside him, and his eyes felt incredibly dry, starting to pound with each beat of his heart. He pulled a syringe from his bag and, checking behind him to ensure that Kevin was occupied, plugged it into his forearm, injecting the clear liquid into his blood.
	There was no instant relief. Zak looked down at the syringe, checking to see that the fluid was gone. It was. He withdrew the syringe, chucked it back in his bag, and picked out another syringe. Again he injected this and again there was no effect.
	He shook his head roughly, briefly shaking away the headache as he pulled out another syringe and, more carefully this time, pricked into his vein. Still, there was no effect, and Zak realized he was in trouble far earlier than he had thought he would be.
	He picked out another syringe and, rather than poking it into his arm, opened his mouth wide. He sprayed the liquid into his mouth and could tell why there was no effect. The stuff was just tap water. There was absolutely nothing special about it. He was being fooled.
	“Fuck,” Zak huffed, digging into the bag and doing the same with all of the syringes, but each and every one was the same. His headache worsened immediately, partially psychological and partially physiological, and his eyes started to blur. His hand shook uncontrollably. He looked back at the room to see the beginnings of blue light, like streaks of lightning, seeping into place everywhere. His bones started to ache, and it felt like they were going to split through his skin. His skull started to constrict, as though it were going to implode, squeezing his eyes and teeth and brain into mush. His chest pulled inwards as though being drawn towards a center of gravity in his heart, and his breathing became hoarse and loud, and he had to open his mouth to pull in as much air as he could.
	Zak swung around to look at Kevin, who was still facing away from him, undisturbed by the chaos erupting in Zak’s body. He was speaking some shit about a prison. Zak looked around frantically, praying to find some syringe or solution of some sort on a shelf, waiting for him, the Holy Grail, but there was nothing. Zak pulled against his cheeks with his sharpening nails as he realized that years of work was about to be undone if he didn’t do something drastic very soon. The sound of nails clashing against metal grew and grew into a deafening cacophony, and the blue light pierced through everything in the room, shining brightly into the backs of his eyes.
	There was only one thing he could do. He had to run away and if Kevin saw - then so be it.
	He stepped to the mirror, dropping the backpack, not looking at Kevin now. Seconds from death, he placed his hand against the mirror and the blue light flooded from it, wrapping around everything in the room, curling up against him and taking away his pain, for the mirror showed Zak not only a reflection but also a gateway, and in any case the reflection did not show the straw-coloured hair, nor the lopsided smirk, nor the grassy green eyes that made him Zak.
