Everything had gotten out of hand so quickly; in moments everything had been almost unmanageable. It seemed to Zak that maybe the others, being younger than him, did not realize that. He, however, knew it very well. Too well. One day you could be happy, and then the next…
	It reminded him of the last time he had seen his grandparents’ best friends. He’d gone to visit his grandparents to fix their computer (this happened a lot, with a lot of people – it came with the programmer job) and they, Pauline and Don, had been there. Normally he saw Pauline alone with his grandmother. Other times he would see Don alone, smoking in secret, with his grandfather. He could count on his fingers the number of times he had actually seen this married couple together, and so it was quite a memorable occasion when they had been sitting there, chatting to his own grandparents like the old friends they were.
	He’d talked to them, used up all the small talk topics, and then had escaped them by going upstairs to fix the computer. They had left shortly after, and Zak hadn’t gone downstairs to say goodbye, and then less than a week later Don had very suddenly died and Pauline was left alone.
	In the blink of an eye the whole world could change.
	And so Zak perhaps wasn’t too shocked when Tom had attacked Kevin. In a split second Kevin had gone from being a good-looking guy to being a good-looking guy with a busted nose and a growing purple bruise on his cheek. Nevertheless, it didn’t make the situation any less unpleasant.
	Tom disappeared from the room and nobody went after him. Zak and Victoria approached Kevin, who was being nursed by Joe, and sadly rubbing his nose, inspecting the blood that drooled down his hand.
	“Didn’t know he had that in him,” Zak chuckled, hoping to lighten up the situation. Joe smiled at him but otherwise nobody paid him any attention. “He got you pretty good, eh, Kevin?” he continued.
	“What a dick…” Kevin moaned.
	“I can’t believe it! Our Tommy! I know we ain’t seen each other in years but I didn’t think he would’ve changed so much. He never was the violent type, was he? What’d you do to get him so fired up Kevin? That wasn’t normal old Tom,” Victoria exclaimed. Kevin glanced up at her and shrugged effortlessly.
	“He’s an angry guy. Sometimes it takes a long time to see who people really are,” Kevin sighed. “That’s not the first time I’ve seen him like that anyway. He’s the same person, you just saw behind the mask,”
	Kate, who had stayed away from the conflict, approached slowly now, clearly unsure of how to react to the situation. “I don’t think you should go with him, Kate. Not like that,” Zak told her.
	“Yeah, don’t go there. I’ll go with him. You go with Zak,” Kevin agreed, and Zak felt a wave of excitement wash over him.
	“I’m not sure,” Kate said, nibbling at her lip.
	“It might be better if you go with him Kate,” Joe suggested. “I don’t think he’s ever going to go forward if Kevin goes in there with him,”
	“He will. Don’t worry. I’ll make him,” Kevin said stubbornly.
	“I don’t mind. I don’t get the impression he’d go for me,” Kate said.
	“He wouldn’t hurt you. He only went for me because I pissed him off. But I should still go with him,” Kevin argued.
	Zak could see there was a danger of Kate going with Tom, and tried to think quickly of some way to get her to go with him. “They need to patch things up. Some time alone could be good for that,”
	“I dunno,” Victoria came in. 
	Shut up, Victoria!
	She continued. “I don’t wanna be sitting around for ‘em to kiss an’ make up. I just wanna get out of here, you know? When we’re out of here you can sort things out all ya like Kevin, but for now I think it’s prob’ly best if Kate goes with him. What do you think Kate?”
	“I’m okay with that,” Kate nodded.
	“He wouldn’t hurt you,” Joe said as though she needed reassurance.
	“I can look after myself anyway. I’ll be fine,” Kate smiled.
	Fuck!
	“Are you sure?” Zak asked. It was a weak last effort.
	“I’m sure,” Kate nodded largely, and walked to the door. “Okay. I’ll see you soon, I guess. I’ll look after him,” Kate said.
	Shit! Wait!
	She was gone.
	Kevin smiled weakly at Zak. “Sorry,” he said.
	Zak shrugged, trying to play it off. Joe looked at him in confusion; Victoria was still looking at Kevin’s bleeding nose.
	“He did get ya good,” she observed.
	“Whatever, it doesn’t matter. Let’s get going. Let’s just get out of here. Come on,” Kevin said, and the group left the room through the door Victoria had come from.
	There was a door with compartments that read K and Z. “Guess this is the one then?” Kevin murmured to nobody in particular, and he stuck his hand into the compartment.
	“Wait!” Joe said. “What should we do?”
	Kevin shrugged him off. “I dunno. Go look somewhere else. Maybe we can get out through the roof or something, I dunno. We’ll meet you back here,” he said.
	Joe nodded slowly. Kevin looked at Zak.
	“Oh,” Zak said, and approached the compartment.
	“Wait!” Joe said, and they both turned around to look at him. He paused and said, “I’m sorry. I know that was because of me,”
	“No,” Kevin said. “It was because of Tom,”
	Zak put his hand into the compartment, the door clicked open, and he and Kevin were through. 

	Most people would have been disappointed at the lack of a clear exit from the room but Zak had come to expect that it wouldn’t be that easy. He was well aware that they had all been taken for a purpose and that they wouldn’t be leaving until that purpose had been fulfilled – if at all. Of course, if it came to it, he saw now that he could leave at any time he wanted…
	As the door slammed shut behind him and Kevin, he observed the room they were in. It was some sort of reception. The walls were thoroughly decorated; the one to his left had a long noticeboard that stretched along it with layers of colourful pieces of paper, pamphlets, leaflets, post-its and more littered across it. The wall stretching along behind him had been built into a multitude of deep brown, wooden shelving units and inside those were stacks of freshly washed white towels, just the same as the ones that were in everyone’s backpacks. To the far right was a desk that stretched out from the wall, with an old, large CRT monitor and a keyboard that looked like it was decades old. Behind the desk, attached to the wall, was another noticeboard. It looked like pinned to it were contact details – for staff members or for others? – and there were dark photos there, too.
	On the wall directly opposite him was a clean mirror that stretched the full length and width of the wall, from the corner to the edge of the desk. Zak approached it and stared back at himself, his reflection’s blue eyes appearing to glow. He really had gotten old. How many years had passed now? It had been a long time since he had used a mirror.
	Kevin appeared next to him, inspecting his damaged face in the mirror. He winced as he rubbed his bruised cheek and dabbed at the light red stain of blood on his lip. He sniffed. “Last time I looked like this it was Tom too,” he groaned.
	“What?” Zak burst out to him. “He’s done this before?”
	“Mmm,” Kevin said while he rubbed soothingly at his cheek. “Same reason,”
	Zak shook his head in exasperation and moved away from the mirror, looking now at the noticeboard. “I get something happened with you and him and Joe, but what was it?” he asked. “It’s crazy. Whatever it is, it’s fucked over our group. We used to all be so close,”
	“Yeah,” Kevin grumbled. “Too close. I can’t say anything, I wish I could, but I can’t – it would just get me into more trouble. I promised before that I wouldn’t say anything. That was the deal we had,”
	“Deal you had with who?”
	“With Tom,”
	Zak turned his head and raised an eyebrow at Kevin. “I don’t think you need to go by any deal you made with him after what he’s just done,”
	“No,” Kevin said solemnly. “I do,”
	“Okay,” Zak replied, dipping his eyelids in defeat. “Whatever happened, I won’t let it stop me being friends with you all. I’ve come to see you all as much as I could the last few years, and whatever this is won’t stop that,”
	“Yeah, it’s cute you still make an effort. Thanks for that,” Kevin said, still looking at his reflection though he surely had seen all the damage by then.
	Zak came across a news article, a snippet from an old newspaper, pinned on the noticeboard. The headline was KILLER WALKS FREE AFTER HOSPITAL MISTAKE. 
	“Sorry you didn’t get to go with Kate anyway,” Kevin said. Zak ignored him and read the article.
	Residents were angered today after an administration error at Mill View Hospital, Hove, resulted in a 23 year old woman, who cannot be named, who was being detained after being found guilty of murder, being released just three days into her sentence. In a statement the Mill View Hospital said, “We would like to reassure people that this patient is not being treated as dangerous and that authorities are confident they will find her very soon.” When asked how the error occurred, the hospital refused to comment. We have received information from an anonymous source stating that the error occurred when a cup of tea was spilled on the patient’s record and she was released because she said to a nurse that she was visiting another patient and the nurse “thought she looked too nice to lie about something like that”. 
	Kevin came up to his side. “What’s that?” he asked.
	Zak shrugged. “Don’t know why it’s here. What were you saying?”
	“Sorry you didn’t get to know with Kate. She is cute,” Kevin smirked at Zak.
	“You know me. I like my blondes,” Zak grinned, eyes glazing over the other pieces of paper stuck up on the noticeboard.
	“Eh, she’s not a natural blonde anyway. Her roots are too dark, she dyes her hair,”
	Zak raised his eyebrows, not having noticed that about her – although it wasn’t a surprise; he wasn’t very observant, and never had been. “Doesn’t matter. She’s really cute. Oh well. Maybe when we’re out of here I can ask her on a date,” 
	Kevin seemed excited by the idea. “Oh, you should! You would make such a cute couple,”
	“You think so?” Zak said, smiling at the idea.
	“Yeah! Funny place to meet though, when people ask you that,”
	Zak sniffed. “Better than meeting on the Internet though,”
	Kevin browsed through the pieces of paper with Zak then, and one slip caught his attention. After reading it, he drew Zak’s attention. “Look at this. Do you think this is… Sophie?” he asked.
	Zak looked. It was an old note, crumpled and looking weary. It had been ripped at the edges several times, but was still readable.

Tests are ongoing but one subject, Sophie H., shows promising results. However, due to circumstances discussed previously it may be difficult to use her for our specific goals. We have, therefore, increased our sample with an additional four candidates, compensating for the three lost. They are:
•	Maya L.
•	Grace H.
•	Joshua B.
•	Albert S.
You will, as usual, be updated in our daily morning calls.

Kind Regards,
TP

	“Sophie H.” Zak muttered. “I guess so. It’s pretty likely. How many Sophie H.’s are there?” he asked. His eyes were fixed on one name on the list.
	“Do you know any of these people? Maya L? Grace H?” Kevin asked, pointing at the names.
	“No,” Zak lied. “What I’m wondering is why that name is crossed out. Grace H.”
	“It’s probably not good,” Kevin said. Then there was a voice that came from right beside them.
